Practice Questions
1. Briefly describe the differences between the webbrowser, requests, bs4, and selenium modules.
    webbrowser is a module which supports you in opening websites only
    requests is a module which supports the program access to and download the website content
    bs4 is a module which supports the program in parsing the html content and also support selecting the component
    selenium module supports the program in controlling the website which the program access to.


2. What type of object is returned by requests.get()? How can you access the downloaded content as a string value?
    object is returned by requests.get(): Response
    You can use requests.get().text

3. What requests method checks that the download worked?
    res.raise_..._status()

4. How can you get the HTTP status code of a requests response?
    status_code

5. How do you save a requests response to a file?
    open a file in write binary mode
    Then run through the content and write it to the file

6. What is the keyboard shortcut for opening a browser’s developer tools?
    Forget

7. How can you view (in the developer tools) the HTML of a specific element on a web page?
    inspect it

8. What is the CSS selector string that would find the element with an id attribute of main?
    .select("#main")

9. What is the CSS selector string that would find the elements with a CSS class of highlight?
    .select(".highlight")

10. What is the CSS selector string that would find all the <div> elements inside another <div> element?
    .select("div div")

11. What is the CSS selector string that would find the <button> element with a value attribute set to favorite?
    .select("button[value="favorite"]")

12. Say you have a Beautiful Soup Tag object stored in the variable spam for the element <div>Hello, world!</div>. How could you get a string 'Hello, world!' from the Tag object?
    spam.getText()

13. How would you store all the attributes of a Beautiful Soup Tag object in a variable named linkElem?
    linkElem = spam.attrs

14. Running import selenium doesn’t work. How do you properly import the selenium module?
    from selenium import webdriver

15. What’s the difference between the find_element_* and find_elements_* methods?
    one return object (the first match one). one return array of objects

16. What methods do Selenium’s WebElement objects have for simulating mouse clicks and keyboard keys?
    keys

17. You could call send_keys(Keys.ENTER) on the Submit button’s WebElement object, but what is an easier way to submit a form with selenium?
    submit()

18. How can you simulate clicking a browser’s Forward, Back, and Refresh buttons with selenium?